it makes sense it makes common sense why
should we have any capacity to
understand what it's like to travel into
the speed of light
the very theory is that speak about
traveling near the speed of light also
say how difficult it is need lots of
energy and so forth to accelerate masses
like ours to anywhere near the speed of
light
so it's almost as if it's
prohibited we can't picture what's going
on
uh we we have we struggle to bring out
common sense into line with what we know
from theories of physics the faster you
go the more that time slows down of
course
in stating the problem that way
we also reveal what's wrong with it
after all people do understand the
special theory of relatively in the
general theory of relativity and quantum
theory counter-intuitive as they are we
understand them
and we conclude from this that our
intuitions on these matters are false